# Simple-autoML-app
## Description
In this capstone project, you will explore PyCaret, an open-source, low-code machine learning library in Python that automates machine learning workflows. You will then build your own general package that easily handles data and automates the machine learning process. The first step in this project is to explore PyCaret. You will learn how to use PyCaret to load data, perform EDA, train machine learning models, and evaluate model performance. You will also learn how to use PyCaret's AutoML functionality to quickly and easily find the best machine learning model for your data. Once you have a good understanding of PyCaret, you will begin building your own general package. Your package should be able to load data, perform EDA, and train machine learning models. It should also be able to automatically select regressors or classifiers, and it should allow the user to select which models to use. To make your package more user-friendly, you can use Streamlit to create a web app. Streamlit is a Python library that makes it easy to create interactive web apps. Your web app should allow the user to upload their data, select the target variable, and choose the machine learning models that they want to use. The final step in this project is to test your package and make sure that it works properly. You should test your package on a variety of datasets and make sure that it is able to find the best machine learning model for each dataset. You should also make sure that your package is free of errors. This capstone project will give you the opportunity to learn about PyCaret, a powerful machine learning library. You will also gain experience in building your own machine learning packages. This project will be a valuable addition to your portfolio and will help you to become a more marketable data scientist.
